He won with one against ten
It only took three days for him to reveal his peak
How could it be possible to advance by leaps and bounds to kill the Immortal Destruction Sword?
It must be relying on the power of the Immortal Destruction Sword
That's so awesome
I won, can I specify the person to challenge?
It's right to follow the rules
But the reference disciple of the four veins
All have been lost by your sword
No one can go on stage to gamble
That being the case
Now it's your turn.
But with the edge of the Immortal Destruction Sword
Dare to stand in front of our four elders
The arrogant girl Liu's generation also dares to challenge me to die
fuck
You don't practice swords
I am like a frog in a well
Erluoruo Cultivation Sword
I am like floating to see the sky
you
Chaos Sword Sect
There is a way to kill
chaotic
You're wrong, I'm just participating in the dance front
And the dance is not over yet
My sword will not stop
Even the four elders were defeated
Who else does he want to challenge?
This Qingyun Sword Sect
There are people more powerful than the four elders
Could it be
Situ Haotian
It's your turn.